# PROJECT PROPOSAL
 
My instrument, generatr (?) will be a pocket operator style generative synth/drum sequencer with built in FX implementing fm synthesis, knobs, buttons and a gyroscope. I'm not sure how far I'll get into all of my goals but this is something I've been imagining for years so I have high incentive to put in ridiculous hours and continue development much further than the final. I would like to use this final project as a motivator to finally bring this idea to existance with the knowlage and experience I have now. No matter what, I will have buttons that trigger synthesized sound involving a gyroscope somehow. The best possible outcome would involve maybe 12 buttons and 6 menu buttons that when multiplied create 72 different buttons worth of control. Similarlly, with 2 knobs to have 12 knobs of control. There would be high level live FX processing that can also modulate live audio coming in from an input jack. I also like the pocket operator style sync so I would like to have an opetion to send clock over the right channel of the output 8th inch and read clock from the input 8th inch so it is fully compatible with pocket operator style devices. Hopefully with a built in speaker too that switches off when something is plugged in to output. I want this to be a fully self contained instrument that accurately reflects my taste and preferences. Ultimately, I hope that anyone that uses it will create totally unique sound relative to their taste, not just a 1 trick pony little sound box. I can't wait to see how far I can get with this!